Okay,
Now we're gonna enter the headings for our data on.
We're going to do this by simply coming down to sell a three and type in the men.
Now is this is a fruit and veg shop.
The first thing we want to see is what?
The items going to bay and the next thing we're gonna record of the days of the week.
Now,
you'll remember from the last lecture that if we took the first day of the week,
we can come up here till the curse of changes to the Black Cross left quick with their most
button and drag it across until we get Monday.
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday.
There you go.
So then we have the days of the week,
and at the end,
we're gonna put our total.
So they go Now we have our headings right now at the moments just like our title was
originally these just in plain black text and we want them to look a little jazzy s.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna change the format a game this time.
We're gonna come up here,
we'll choose blue.
I think on we'll make the front bold.
Yeah,
that looks pretty good.
Okay,
obviously,
we don't wanna have to go and repeat that exercise for every single one of the cells on
Monday.
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday.
So there are a couple of things weaken Do,
using this tool up here in the home ribbon on this is called the former Painter.
And you can see from the little pop up box that it not only tells you what it is,
but it also tells you have to use it.
So if we select the cell with the formatting that we want,
come up here left,
click the former pain so we can see that we have the dancing ants going around this
particular cell.
Now all we need to do to paint that formatting on to the next cell it's just left.
Click that cell and then we get Monday,
and it has all the same formatting that this cell had,
the one that we carpet.
Now that does save some time.
But we can save ever more time by copying it again,
but this time applying it to the entire line by clicking the number three because we're on
line three and then you can see that the formatting from Cell one has been copied across
all of the headings that we've entered.
And if we were to type something else in here,
anything,
anywhere on this line,
that's all.
You can see that that for matters being retained.
So there you go.
You don't have to redo your formatting for every single cell.
Just get the one cell correct.
Hit the format painter with that soul corrected,
and either select the individual cells that you want to format or format in the entire line
.
A little copy that formatting right the way across and they go.
That's one quick way of saving time in Excel.
Next,
we're gonna have a look at,
have to change the wits of the column so we can see all of their attacks clearly.
Okay,
so you in the next lecture